So now what we're looking to do is to build our collection selector because we want to reach into our
redux state of our collection items and get the right collection item based off of our Match dot paradigms
collection ideas.
So using that I.D. We want to be able to get the correct item.
Now the caveat is that when we look at our collections array the I.D. our numbers whereas our collection
I.D. that we get from our You are all parameter is a string there's two ways we can approach this.
The first way is that we modify our items so that the data for I.D. is a string of the value versus
a number but we're actually going to do that later in the next lesson in this lesson.
What we're going to do is we're going to use what's called a collection I.D. map and I'll show you what
that looks like.
So inside of our shop selectors we're going to actually declare this contest which is equal to collection
I.D. map which is just an object that maps the string value to the respective I.D. where the string
value that we're getting from our You are all parameter will be the actual property.
So we'll say that hat goes to the idea of one which is exactly what's happening here and then we'll
do the same for every other one in the exact order up here.
So sneakers jackets women's men so we'll say sneakers goes to two jackets goes to three women's goes
to four and men's goes to five.
So what we're doing is we're going to pass in that string and then use that string as the dynamic value
of the property to get the correct I.D. and then we'll match it in our selector so let's write that
selector so we're gonna say select cat what collection is equal to a function that takes the collection
i.e. or we'll say collection you are all param and what this function will return is are create selector
call that get select collections
and then we'll have our collections and we'll say collections the find which you remember from our doff
find tutorial based on this function we pass it it's going to run this function on each element from
left to right in our array until it finds one where the function returns true and then give us back
the element that return true based on the function call.
So we'll say collection goes to collection.
I.D. is equal to our collection I IMAP
using R collection you are a print
so nothing too crazy but some new concepts that we're looking at now that we have our selector let's
actually bring this into our component so not our shop component but our collection component we'll
need to import connect from react redux as well as our new selector
now in order for us to do this in our map states are props properly.
We have to use the second optional parameter in map states of props.
The first parameter we know is the state which is our overall reduce state from the top right.
The second argument is actually called own props which is the props of the component that we're wrapping
in our Kinect which is really convenient for this exact purpose.
So we're trying an object where the collection will go to our select collection and what we'll pass
it is own props to match parameters Doc collection i.e. and then because this is returning our create
selector call our create selector call pretty much returns as a function that takes the state and then
runs it through the selector flow that we've gotten used to right.
So this is where we'll pass state after we've invoked our select collection and then we'll pass this
into our connect
and now if we log the collection we should actually see it that we're getting the right one
and we see that we do we get the correct hats.
Object right.
So let's just walk through this again because the most complicated steps are the two new concepts that
we add.
So because we're using an object and we're using this object because are you are Al parameter is a string
whereas the idea we want to match is a number.
So we write a map right which is just an object where the string value goes to the I.D. we then map
over the collections by selecting it and passing into our new Select collection selector.
The you are all parameters which is a string and will return.
Create selector which is called a curried function which is just a function that returns another function.
The other function in this case being what creates selector returns which as we know is pretty much
the shape of this function.
It takes the state and then it does a transformation on it so that we get back something else on that
state object.
And for us we're passing it through our selector chain so that we get our collections array and then
we call dot fine on that array where we're matching the correct I.D. to our collection I.D. map using
our string parameter value that we get from the euro and then in our collection component.
Right we're using the new own props which is on our map states of props as the second parameter and
that gives us all of the props that we're getting on our collection page component including our match
object that we get from the root component that is passing our collection on our shop page
because our collection page is mapped to this route.
So RAF route if you remember passes in the match object which we will pull the Paramus value getting
our collection and then because our select collection is a function that returns a function we pass
the function that comes out of this function the state in order for us to wire everything together and
now we have access to our collection so there's a lot of stuff that we just went through in order to
get our collection object but now we're able to dynamically change what object we're getting based on
what route we're on.
So if I were to change this to jackets you'll see that we get our jacket's object instead.
Now let's actually style our collection page.